\input texinfo
@settitle 3D Viewer v2.0

@copying
Copyright @copyright{} school 21
@end copying

@titlepage
@title 3d viewer 2.0
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 2filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@chapter About the program
The program is implemented on the graphics libraries QT and Opengl. With it, the user can:
@itemize
@item Browse objects by downloading files with the .obj extension.
@item Move, rotate, scale the object loaded by the user.
@item Choose the type of lines, vertices.
@item Choose the color of the background, lines, vertices.
@item Choose the size of vertices and lines.
@item Select a projection type.
@item Save the resulting result in .jpeg, .bmp, .gif formats.
@end itemize
@chapter How to start
To start using the program, it must be installed using the make install command.
@chapter How to use
@itemize
@item To download an object, click "Open file" and specify the path to it.
@item To move or rotate an object, enter a value in the line or move the slider.
@item To zoom increase, move the slider or change the value manually.
@item To use the settings (color, size, etc.) select the desired ones. This program saves the settings after it is closed. To reset your settings, click the "default settings" button.
@item To save the result in image format, click on the "Save image" button and the program will prompt you to specify the file name and path to save.
@item To save the resulting result in animation format, click on the "Screencast" button, a 5-second recording will begin. At the end of the time, the program will prompt you to select a file name and path to save.
@end itemize
@chapter Delete
You can remove the user program using the make uninstall command.
